# Gaming Disorder Test Poland - Dashboard

https://gaming-disorder-test-pl.web.app/ <br>
Flutter project.

In the information society, computer technology has firmly entered everyday life. Computer networks and games have become a new stage in social reality. All information is now available on the Internet. Despite all the positive aspects, global computerization has brought negative aspects to our lives as well. The main of such serious problems is computer addiction. Especially addiction to computer and video games. This problem appears more and more often in modern society. It is even more disturbing that more and more people, especially among young people, are suffering from this addiction.

In 2019, the World Health Organization added game-related disorders to the International Classification of Diseases (ICD-11) under the name "Gaming disorder" (6C51). Earlier (2013) steps in this direction were taken by the American Psychiatric Association (APA), placing "Internet gaming disorder" in the appendix to DSM-5. This fact, although controversial (e.g. van Rooij et al., 2018), is treated as a confirmation of the observations of numerous researchers and practitioners who have for years postulated the need to identify the problem of "addiction" to games. Including the development of clear criteria to identify the disorder (eg, Rumpf et al., 2018), and to distinguish it from intense play without signs of pathology (Charlton \ & Danforth, 2007).

At the same time, with the recognition of Game Disorder (GD) as a disease by the WHO, a similar process began to diagnose this disease. On the surface, IGD and GD may appear to be the same, but in reality they are diseases defined differently both at the level of general characteristics and specific diagnostic criteria. In other words, the diagnostic criteria are not comparable - this was the most important reason for the development of the Gaming Disorder Test (GDT, Pontes, et al., 2019). This tool, despite its relatively recent publication, quickly gained popularity due to its excellent psychometric properties and the interest of researchers in this issue, resulting in 6 language versions (English, Chinese, German, Turkish, Spanish and Swedish), and the original article was quoted almost 40 times in the first year after publication. There is a high probability that GDT will become a standard in GD diagnosis and research worldwide. The above facts lead to the conclusion that Polish researchers and practitioners must have access to it.

In this work, the technical side of the Gaming Disorder Test was implemented. To implement user surveying, a web-application for viewing statistics and creating surveys was developed. Mobile applications were also developed for users participating in the study to complete the surveys. All technical tools are as versatile as possible to allow other research.
